Update transition-guide.md to reference AI transition tools available (#477)
aws/aws-graviton-getting-started: transition-guide.md

Applications using compiled languages including C, C++ or Go, need to be compiled for the Arm64 architecture. Most modern builds (e.g. using Make) will just work when run natively on Graviton-based instances, however, you’ll find language specific compiler recommendations in this repository: [C/C++](c-c++.md), [Go](golang.md), and [Rust](rust.md).

> There's a growing set of tooling to help assess and transition workloads to Graviton/Arm64 - [AWS Transform Custom](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/introducing-aws-transform-custom-crush-tech-debt-with-ai-powered-code-modernization/), and several MCP / Skills / Powers for use with GenAI coding assistants / IDE's (see: [https://github.com/aws/aws-graviton-getting-started/tree/main/tools/skills](https://github.com/aws/aws-graviton-getting-started/tree/main/tools/skills) and [https://github.com/kirodotdev/powers/tree/main/aws-graviton-migration](https://github.com/kirodotdev/powers/tree/main/aws-graviton-migration) for example)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There's a growing set of tooling to help assess and transition workloads to Graviton/Arm64 - [AWS Transform Custom](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/introducing-aws-transform-custom-crush-tech-debt-with-ai-powered-code-modernization/), and several MCP / Skills / Powers for use with GenAI coding assistants / IDE's (see: [skills](tools/skills) and [aws-graviton-migration](https://github.com/kirodotdev/powers/tree/main/aws-graviton-migration) for examples)
```
